﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿## The Four Musketeers -Team Project - Madison College's Enterprise Java Class# LunchCrunchTravel back in time 38 years ago, it is the Year 1980.  The World Wide Web  was still about 11 years away from being publicly  available. Only a handful of people owned their own computers.### Problem StatementMrs. Robijn has practiced in  her Physical Therapy business for a couple of years.  Besides working long hours and raising 4 children, she spents many hours handwriting her invoices from patient cards.End of month is chaotic in the Robijn family and she is in desperate need of invoice automation.  Build-in functionality like appointments and daily schedule will also be very helpful.### Project Technologies/Techniques * Security/Authentication  * Tomcat's JDBC Realm Authentication  * Admin role: create/read/update/delete (crud) of all data  * Owner role:  can do crud on patient data and work with billing  * Receptionist role:  Can work with the patient daily schedule  * No login for patients and doctors requesting an excuse letter or patient treatment summary report.* Database  * MySQL  * Store users and roles  * Store all data for patients/procedures/billing* ORM Framework  * Hibernate 5* Dependency Management  * Maven* Web Services consumed using Java  *  Utilizes the BreezeOMeter webservices to give patients information on air quality for those with sensitive health issues.* Web Service created  Provides a service to patients that needs an excuse letter and provides  doctors  access a treatment summary report.* CSS and HTML  * Data Validation  *  Explore Hibernate's validation* Logging  * Configurable logging using Log4J2. In production, only errors will normally be logged, but logging at a debug level can be turned on to facilitate trouble-shooting. * Hosting  * AWS* Unit Testing  * JUnit tests to achieve 80%+ code coverage * IDE: IntelliJ IDEA### Design* [Screen Design](DesignDocuments)* [Application Flow](DesignDocuments)* [Database Design](DesignDocuments)### [Project Plan](ProjectPlan.md)